Wake up
suitable
Why am I here?
What are you doing here?
I said miss
I really struggled with my old nose
Just got you here
There's no one at home and I don't have the key
It's good that I didn't put you on the street
I remember now.
I was drugged.
Dazed and called you
You saved me.
Good to know
Give it
What are you doing?
I saved you.
Taxi fare, I got you here labor costs
And the medical bills for your slap on my face
500 in total. Cash or credit card?
I have no money, no money
Deliver it to the rent then
Why are you like this, ACHOO?
Okay, you sit here, I'll go buy some medicine
After drinking the medicine, go home together.
Hello sir, it's Chen Yiyi.
Back in the mountains
Or did the master make me a guitar?
Haven't touched it in so many years
Uh, I'll give you 20 for me to sing
Ok sir hello
The road experiences rain and frost
Stinky rascal stingy man
Why haven't you come back?
Who is singing?
Thank you Mr. West Wind for singing
The west wind is the west wind
Oops.
Ah, what's going on?
West wind west wind west wind